# polaris_client.model.PlaceSearchRequest

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:polaris_client/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**requestId** | **String** | UUID v4 for the request, generated by the caller at the time of the request | 
**query** | **String** | An updated query string for the current search session. It _must_ start with the same characters specified when the search session was started, and have at least 1 extra character.  | 
**callerLocation** | [**CallerLocationInfo**](CallerLocationInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**sessionToken** | **String** | A string containing a UUID v4 generated by the caller. This token is used to group search requests with  requests to fetch the details of a candidate result.  If no active token exists, the caller should generate one and use it until it becomes \"consumed\". A token becomes consumed once a call is made to fetch the details for a candidate result. The token must no longer be  used for subsequent searches, even if they are further refinements of the current search string. NOTE: Reusing a token for unrelated searches and/or place detail lookups has undefined behaviour.  | 
**language** | **String** | The ISO 639-1 code of the input and (preferred) output language. Note: The service does not currently distinguish between regional differences in languages, as captured by the IETF Language Tag standard At the time of writing the supported values were: en, es and th References: - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


