# polaris_client.model.PredictionLookupRequestAllOf

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:polaris_client/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | Prediction candidate ID from earlier search result in same autocomplete session or freeform search text. Use the description from an earlier search result for the best chance of having useful details returned.  | 
**language** | **String** | The ISO 639-1 code of the input and (preferred) output language. Note: The service does not currently distinguish between regional differences in languages, as captured by the IETF Language Tag standard At the time of writing the supported values were: en, es and th References: - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639  | 
**sessionToken** | **String** | A string containing a UUID v4 generated by the caller. This token is used to group search requests with  requests to fetch the details of a candidate result.  If no active token exists, the caller should generate one and use it until it becomes \"consumed\". A token becomes consumed once a call is made to fetch the details for a candidate result. The token must no longer be  used for subsequent searches, even if they are further refinements of the current search string. NOTE: Reusing a token for unrelated searches and/or place detail lookups has undefined behaviour.  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


